pr_labeler: add nag comment for issues and PRs without description (#353)
ansible/ansible-documentation: hacking/pr_labeler/data/no_body_nag.md

> Thanks for your contribution, @{{ ctx.member.user.login }}! Please make sure that your {{ ctx.TYPE }} has a filled out description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks for your contribution, @{{ ctx.member.user.login }}! Please make sure that your {{ ctx.TYPE }} includes sufficient and meaningful details in the description.
```
